## Welcome to MultiFlex G3N Public Repositiry

This repository is set up as a primary point for sharing published information with our merchants and channel partners. We strive to be as transparent as possible during our continuous development, enhancement, operations and support processes, ensuring highest level of quality and 100% satisfaction.

This repository provides access to our:

- [Wiki](https://github.com/mhsystems/G3N/wiki) where we provide extensive documentation on various topics related to our G3N offering, including feature lists, plans, documentation, training material and API (public external API for channel partners) documentation, use cases and examples.
- [Issues database](https://github.com/mhsystems/G3N/issues), where we engage with our merchants and channel partners to resolve issues, report on defects; generally a mechanism for holding two way (and transparent) correspondence on individual issues.

### What is G3N and What is it's Trajectory, Vision

G3N is Microhouse Systems Inc.'s (MHS) 3rd generation MultiFlex RMS product. It is defined as a stack, a collection of various services and products along with a full-blown external API that, together with the services and products, turns this stack into a platform.

G3N is all about being open, being transparent, and able to absorb change, both (1) from in terms of technology advancements (and make it available to our merchants and channel partners reliably and rapidly) and (2) from business use case perspective (extend capabilities for our merchants and channel partners). It is about giving tools to our merchants and channel partners so that they can do more with less (of their effort).

G3N provides significant customizability through its PPP (product, platform and protocol) approach. Iy is all about connectivity in the new retail space, an omni-channel retail strategy ("an approach to sales and marketing that provides customers with a fully-integrated shopping experience by uniting user experiences from brick-and-mortar to mobile-browsing and everything in between). To this end, G3N allows near seamless integration between various other open retail (and some wholesale) solutions. Hence, in G3N we have opted to invest (architecturally and product level) heavily in community (merchants and channel partners) and creating an ethos of openness: API, platform, marketplace et cetera; not closed products that only we expand.

G3N has a strong bottom-up adoption pattern, therefore we realized a community-driven growth model is more efficient and more fun than traditional models. In our case, it goes both ways, product (up to bottom) and stack (bottom to up). Therefore we adopted two approaches.

The word "platform" doesn't mean "an ambitious product." Products and platforms differ, not merely by degree, but by kind. When someone makes a product, they go after product-market fit: they do lots of smart things to predict it and act on these predictions. On the other hand, to make a platform, a person must have the discipline and patience not to act on their predictions about market-fit. This is because, in a platform business, product-market fit is an emergent phenomenon: a product is a plan, but a platform is a heuristic (any approach to problem solving, learning, or discovery that employs a practical methodology not guaranteed to be optimal or perfect, but sufficient for the immediate goals).

The true economic advantage of a platform business is that it can harness unpredictability. A platform is anti-fragile: it eats chaos. But traditional business thinking is all about increasing predictability at all costs. This sort of thinking clearly predates software. One way software businesses increase their predictability is by disempowering and disbelieving their users: "You're not using it right!" But a platform business does the opposite: it hands the users a bunch of Legos, then says, "We can't wait to see what you build!"

As we move forward beyond 2020, the omni-channel retail strategy itself effectivelky transforms the business model for retailers (and more so, for wholesallers) towards a technology model. The product, the actual merchandise, will start to be seen as an integral part of technolpgy trather than an item in space by itself. New business models will evolve (and for sake of berivity, I will not dive into that in this overview discussion), and these models will be treated by consumers the same way all other technolgy models are. The merchandise will bcome the experience, and the experienfe wiol becpme the merchandise.  This phenomenon is easily seen in the Tesla experience, that the car is no longer seen as a car, but a piece of technology, an experience of technology. Since alighnmemt is key to succeess in any business (to minimize loss of productivity), an approsach top have the retail operating system be your stack give you the upperhand.

Not directly related to retail business (but most certajnly related to our approach at MHS to give yoy the best retail operating system, G3N stack) a platform business intentionally creates disorder, because it knows how to gain from the disorder and its product competitors do not. What a product company sees as distraction, a platform sees as adaptation.  Inconsistency becomes diversity. Redundancy becomes fault tolerance. Product companies emerge from an individual's need to control. Platforms, from a collective's need to empower.

As a true platform, G3N is not merely hedged across the use cases that exist today, but across the unbounded set of what will emerge tomorrow. A product company must continue to innovate (internally) at an ever-increasing rate in order to grow. But a platform company can rely on its user community to create an escalating innovation curve, which grows said community even faster (for instance, Shopify).

A product business is best when it is predictable, like a factory farm.  A platform business is the inverse, like a rainforest. A rainforest teems with surprises, spontaneously generating new medicines and new species. In a farm, a surprise is called a "weed" or a "bug."
